# Appearance
theme = "dream"
font-family = "Hack Nerd Font"
font-size = 14
font-thicken = true

# Window settings
window-decoration = true
window-subtitle = false
window-theme = dark
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden
macos-titlebar-style = transparent
background-opacity = 0.7
background-blur-radius = 20
window-padding-x = 8
window-padding-y = 4
window-padding-balance = true
window-vsync = true

# Terminal behavior
cursor-style = "underline"
cursor-style-blink = true
adjust-cursor-thickness = 12
cursor-color = "#7129ff"
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
copy-on-select = false
confirm-close-surface = false

# URL linking
link-url = true

# Clipboard access
clipboard-read = allow
clipboard-write = allow

# Pane focus animations and visual effects
unfocused-split-opacity = 0.9
focus-follows-mouse = true

# Shell integration
shell-integration = "zsh"
shell-integration-features = "sudo,title"

# Performance & Resize animations
resize-overlay = after-first
resize-overlay-position = center
resize-overlay-duration = 500ms

# Essential keybindings only
keybind = "cmd+t=new_tab"
keybind = "cmd+w=close_surface"
keybind = "cmd+n=new_window"
keybind = "cmd+c=copy_to_clipboard"
keybind = "cmd+v=paste_from_clipboard"

# Scrollback
scrollback-limit = 10000